hi everybody so we're gonna look at
private networks between go and DSi BFS
and then I will do a best three data
store demo so we're just gonna go ahead
and get this started so what I have set
up are a first I'm gonna run a public
version of this and then I will run the
actual private version and so this is
going to be a Jas and a go node talking
to each other so first one public so
this is no swarm keys it'll take a
second to boot up then they're gonna run
so what we can see here at the beginning
of the traffic this is normal we see our
multi stream protocol exchange at the
top between the nodes
and then it goes into our sick IO
encryption negotiation and then
everything's encrypted after that so
what we do with the private networks
which will run now and I'll just go
ahead and restart so with the private
network what we're doing is we are
trying to leak as little public
information as humanly possible or
robotically possible and so what we do
is we exchange nonces at the very
beginning so you can see there's no
multi-stream you don't see that you
don't see the sekai Oh everything is
encrypted after a 24 bite nonce exchange
which we see at the very beginning
here's our length of 24 bytes both notes
are gonna send that and then
everything's encrypted I'm gonna run the
Interop tests real quick so what we have
for the interrupt ESTs is we've got
several go nodes several J's needs some
with the same key some with different
keys some public and we're trying to get
them to make sure that stuff doesn't do
what it's not supposed to do all this
should run fairly quickly once all of
the nodes boot up
so we CJ s 2j s with the same private
network key we see go to J s with the
same private network key what they're
doing is they are we put data into one
of the nodes and then we pull it out
from the other one so go we put data
into go pull it out with gas put data in
Jaspal it out with go
that's totally working and when stuff
isn't supposed to talk to each other
they don't talk to each other yeah
they'll past so go already has private
network support um J s we should
actually be live in maybe 31 but it's
all functioning and working so does
anybody have any questions about that
before I transfer into s3
okay so now moving into the s3 datastore
so jess has s3 datastore support now and
you can use it and it's live so there is
an S or SP datastore repo we're just
going to run this right now I just have
a bucket running Jacob Hyun Germany and
just a temp folder because you know data
permanence so I'm just gonna run this on
full debug with time just to see so what
this is doing you see an error here
that's not a real error it's because
it's initializing the repo so this is
gonna take a little bit longer the first
time that repos initialized and then I'm
just uploading like 25 random kilobytes
of data
nothing super huge but we go to AZ 3 and
we refresh and we have it nested in
attempt folder in our ipfs directory and
we see our blocks our data store all of
our config inversion if I run this again
you know it took like 15 seconds to run
the first time that's including node
boot I'll just run again we do the
upload this is uploading and pulling you
back and then verifying that I got the
data that I put up there so it's half
the speed so it's it's pretty quick I
did it
oregan and that was much much slower so
I changed bucket regions so that's it
yes so a lot of people want to backup
information and put it on s3 I'm rather
than having it all locally and so this
is a great usage for that so you can
just stick it off there and you can
split how you want it to if you want
your keys or your data store locally you
can specify where and what you want up
there so and we also support custom
locks now in datastore because that was
one of the things we needed for s3 to
work properly so